Initial task: (binding)
-----------------------------
1. create an angular app: pmsapp (Standalone)
   create directory "modules" for different feature modules in "src/app" directory
   create a directory in that, named, "products" - one features module, to store all components, directives, pipes, services etc. for that feature module

2. create a type/interface to represent the product type
	a. create a "models" directory in the "src/app/modules/products" folder
	b. add a file "product.ts" and create an exportable type/interface "Product" there, with all the members (as mentioned in the sample data) with appropriate data type

3. create an array variable to store sample data
	a. create a folder "repository" inside "src/app/modules/products" directory
	b. add a new file "products.ts" inside the "repository" folder
	c. copy the sample data and assign the same to an array variable (where the array is of type Product array). the variable must be exported from the file.

4. create a separate component (ProductList) which will display all the products from the array avriable in its template through a table element or some other way (display only the image, name, price and rating property values)
	
	a. create a folder "components" inside "products". to store all components
	b. inside "components" folder, now create a folder for the component files, named, "product-list"
	c. add components files - code (product-list.ts), html (product-list.html), style file (product-list.css) etc.
	d. write the component code which will fetch the products array and create the template design where the those products will be displayed

5. nest the ProductList component inside the App component
6. run

enhancement-1:
-------------------------
create another component FilterProduct in "src/app/modules/products/components" directory
it will supply the filter text typed in a textbox of its template to ProductList component so that the products can be filtered by product name

enhancement-2:
-----------------------
create a folder "services" in "src/app/modules/products" directory

create an interface for the following service (service-contact.ts file)
add a file "product-service.ts" in the "services" folder
create a ProductService class in that and implement the interface
	- getAll -> the method does not have any arguments but returns an array of Product objects (currently the hard coded array in products.ts file)
create and register a custom provider (based on InjectionToken) in the app.config.ts file
consume the same in ProductList component either through constructor or using inject() method (preferred)


enhancement-3:
---------------
routing:
	create routes for
		products:
			ProductContainer component	
			when you click on any image in the table, you should be redirected to another component, ViewProduct, which displays the details of the product (pass the id of the selected product via route parameter)
			when you click on "edit" button on the the ViewProduct component, you will be able to navigate to another component, EditProduct, which can be used to display the product details and then edit the same. upon successful edit, the product data should be updated at the backend as wellas you should be able to navigate back to ProductContainer component
			Clicking on “Add Product” link on the navbar, will take you to AddProduct component. Clicking on “Add” button will send the product data to the backend to be saved and then user should be directed to “/products” URL after successful add operation.
			
		
		shared:
			home component
			redirection url: base url -> home url
			wildcard route for unregistered route navigation

components:
	shared -> home, page-not-found, dash-board (not a routed, but nested component)

	products -> add-product, edit-product, view-product



app name: pms-app

src (folder)
	index.html
	index.css
	main.ts

	app (folder)

		app.config.ts
		app-routes.ts

		config (folder)
			constants.ts (const values and provider function)

		modules (folder)

			root (folder)
				app.ts
				app.html
				app.css
				app.spec.ts

			products (folder)
				services
					service-contract.ts (interface in it)
					product-service.ts (class in it)

				models (folder)
					product.ts (file with Product type)

				repository (folder)
					products.ts (array of Product)
		
							
				components (folder)

					product-container (folder)
						product-container.ts
						product-container.html
						product-container.css
						product-container.spec.ts

					product-list (folder)
						product-list.ts
						product-list.html
						product-list.css
						product-list.spec.ts

					filter-product (folder)
						filter-product.ts
						filter-product.css
						filter-product.html
						filter-product.spec.ts
			
				pipes (folder)
					product-filter-pipe.ts
					product-filter-pipe.spec.ts


